---
layout: post
title:  "Jim Cramer previews corporate earnings reports for the trading week of Sept. 21"
date:  2020-09-20 00:26:37 +0900 
categories: jekyll update
---

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cl3L23Cs8k

This red hot IPOs are killing us. We want to escape this savage tech sell off
until investors realize that they can't keep overpaying for merchandise like snowflake, and every other deals this week.

Because when they payoff these new stocks, they have to sell something else.
Which I think it is why we had another bad day. Dow dropped 245 points. S&P falls 1.12 percent,
and Nasdaq was 1.07 percent. But at least bounce at lowest level some of the sell seems to end.

Once again, I want to remind the stock market is first informerst? market.

Markets are governed by supply and demand. Right now, the supply of new stocks is overwhelming demand.
So the whole market just get hammered unless you trade this for living.

You might not realize how this works. when my major decides they want to piece of the lastest rocket cheap IPOs. 
come to duty software, a video game play. And they dont' have this spare cash. lying around. what are they do?

How do they get that piece? well easy, they sell companies. yes they sell companies . kind of unity?

companies pop in, and don't even understand it. anyway, why not?

If you got stocks on a deal. and you put ???.  That's free money. Free big property. and you got it.

take free money all street.  Unity came and poped again fifty two dollars.

Many hedge funds they just flip the stock for big free gains. but some mutual hedge funds. they actually want build position

they even get enough shares the IPOs move the deal. so they have to buy more ??? after marekt. otherwise,
no point no.  which they have to sell even more stocks to pay for next ???.  so maybe they drops some ADOBE or some ZOOM video
Salesforce or as they so in ??? pretty much in the morning and mid after noon, they started to sell FANG, or Microsoft.
to get the position they around

Now Unity will only up open up 10 say 20 percent which is still expensive but you didn't budget for 44 percent. that's the triggers another sell
