---
layout: post
title:  "diary(random)"
date:  2021-09-05 08:56:00 +0900 
categories: jekyll update
---


Sep 5

* Self management:

 - workout: chest 40 minutes

* haebangchon parking lot:

- 용산2가동 주민센터공영주차장: 위치는 좋지만 공간이 부족

- 해방촌공영주차장

* Video review

WHAT I WISH I KNEW AT 30: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgT12kZw7GI&t=116s


Some of them are just going to be complete total waste of time.

You may find yourself having wasted years in a dead-end job two to three years of your life just down the drain. You may have wasted years in a colleage education that you never even used, never even touched for the field of work that you actually ended up doing.

You may find yourself having spent years in relationships having invested in that person three four five years of your life only to find later on that the whole relationpship would dissolve as people moved on into their separate ways and this tends to happen in your 30s. and what you need to understand from all of this is to enjoy the journey and not so much the destination because there is no destination as you reach one goal you find yourself setting another goal. maybe you got the promotion. what next you want that next promotion or you may find yourself having been running in totally the wrong direction you make a hard career switch into a totally different field and the only way to have really made sense of your time is to have appreciated and enjoyed the journey that you went on regardless of whether any of it would pan out or not.

You know I spent a lot of my life not really enjoying it. just studying really hard I did not enjoy my college experience I went through four years of a marriage that if I had known would end in a divorce one way or another I probably would have spent more time just enjoying that time instead of pushing goal after goal. and just keep everybody on track. it's like if I were to come from the future and just tell you.

Look the thing that you're trying to do is not going to work. I already saw it it's a total disaster. complete waste of time really stupid I don't even know why you're doing it, but if you want to do it just go ahead, have fun while you're doing. at least because it's not going to work. what's actually going to happen is your're going to buy

Talking about Journey vs Destination.

When you are goal oriented, that's really an external extrinsic motivator. and external motivators are some of the weakest around when you are internally motivated you choose not a destination. But a direction and ...

making money while having fun at it. and having fun part is critical. that is of course the journey.


No body cares. 
