---
layout: post
title:  "Book review: Atomic Habits - Chapter 4. The Man Who Didn't Look Right"
date:  2021-10-31 19:49:07 +0900 
categories: jekyll update
tag:
  - book
  - atomic habits
---

Book review: Atomic Habits - Day 5

# Chapter 4. The Man Who Didn't Look Right

* With enough practice, your brain will pick up on the cues that predict certain outcomes without consciously thinking about it. Automatically, your brain encodes the lessons learned through experience. -> Can be trained.

* Once our habits become automatic, we stop paying attention to what we are doing.

* The process of behavior change always starts with awareness. You need to be aware of your habits before you can change them.

* The more automatic a behavior becomes, the less likely we are to consciously think about it. And when we've done somethings thousand times before, we begin to overlook things. - We assume that the next time will be just like the last. 

* Challenges in changing habits is maintaining awareness of what we are actually doing. We need a "point-and-call" system, a Habits Scorecard.

* The Habits Scorecard is a simple exercise you can use to become more aware of your behavior.

-----

습관이되면 무의식적으로 기존에 하던대로 행동하게된다. 그것이 좋던 안좋던.

의식적으로 내가 어떤 습관을 갖고 행동 하는지 돌아볼필요가 있다. 보통 내가 원하는 identity와 반대라면 좋지않은 습관이다.

My Habit Scorecard

Check my stock account -
Check the kakaotalk -
Check my schedule =
Workout +
Listen audiobook +
Drink a cup of coffee +
Turn on music in my car -
Visit instagram -
Visit facebook -
